Update First Android Submission FYI guide (#177)
expo/fyi: first-android-submission.md

# First Submission of an Android App

If you are submitting your Android app to Google Play Store **for the first time**, Google requires you to upload it manually through Google Play Console &mdash; a web UI. This guide provides all the steps you need to follow to manually upload your app to Play Console and create your first release.

> [!NOTE]
> After you have submitted your app manually through Play Console, you will be able to use `eas submit -p android` for subsequent submissions.

> > [!DISCLAIMER]

Author: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
```

> > Eventually, Google Play Console dashboard gets updated and to keep track of those changes is out of our scope. If you find something from this guide does not align with the Play Console, open an issue to let us know.

Author: ```suggestion
> Google Play Console dashboard gets updated, and keeping track of those changes is out of our scope. If you find something from this guide does not align with the Play Console, open an issue to let us know.
```
